dad can I go to Duncan boy 2011's party
no K loo why not dad because you are
still grounded grounded grounded
grounded and if you sneak into Duncan
boy 2011's party you'll be more grounded
so go to your room and don't ever come
down until I say you can man this stinks
I want to go to Duncan boy 2011's party
wait I know I'll sneak into Duncan boy
2011's house and go to his party without
telling my parents ha ha ha hi hi hi hi
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
hi ha ha
you
everyone stop its kallu get out of my
party
kallu what are you doing here
I am here because I wanted to go to
Duncan boy 2011's party
well too bad kallu your parents called
me and told me not to invite you because
you're still grounded so get out and
you're never to come back ever again
well don't worry guys that stupid kid is
gone
so let's party
where have you been kallu
um I snuck in 2011's house and went to
his party whoa
that's @k Lew you are grounded grounded
grounded for eternity go to your room
now dad can I go to Duncan boy 2011's
party no K loo why not dad because you
are still grounded grounded grounded
grounded and if you sneak into Duncan
boy 2011's party you'll be more grounded
so go to your room and don't ever come
down until I say you can man this stinks
I want to go to Duncan boy 2011's party
wait I know I'll sneak into Duncan boy
2011's house and go to his party without
telling my parents ha ha ha hi hi hi hi
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
hi ha ha
you
everyone stop its kallu get out of my
party
kallu what are you doing here
I am here because I wanted to go to
Duncan boy 2011's party
well too bad kallu your parents called
me and told me not to invite you because
you're still grounded so get out and
you're never to come back ever again